	The Design Document provides the “How” the product will implemented.
	The Design Document breaks down the requirements into workable units.
	The Requirements Document is the “What” of the product.
	The Design Document has different design levels.
	Drop level from Platform/Framework/Architecture to System, then Tiers, then Sub-System, then multi-Entity, then Entity, the Sub-component, followed by Interface, Library, Class and finally into a function.
	The entity level is where integration happens
	Sub-systems to N-tiers is where interfaces are set.
	Similar to buying a car, you want a test drive before you buy it.
	A good design outlines the following:
	Objects that are used by the system.
	How those objects are used by stakeholders (user types).
	The scope of objects.
	When and where those objects are viewed.
	Think of a movie, game, or story, not all characters are the same.
	Captures workflows and sequences.
	Captures logging, installation, and delivery.
	Captures quality attributes and model.
	Used both top-down and bottom-up techniques. 
	The most popular design technique and tool is UML.
	Class Diagram
	Sequence Diagrams
	Component Diagrams
	Entity Relations
	The next popular one is Design Patterns.
	Behavior
	Structural
	Creation
	Other tools and Techniques include:
	Process flow
	CRC
	Layering
	Data Structures
	Pseudocode
	Database Definition
	Workflows
	Petri Charts
	Formal Language
	Viewpoints
	WBS (Work Breakdown Structure) is a decomposition or a top-down of the project.
	The second expert judgement tool is the elicitation of requirements.
	A systematic way of going through and working with the customer and stakeholders and find out what the system is supposed to do. 
	The third expert judgement tool is System Engineering Views.
	These views include:
	Service View
	System View
	System Engineer View
	Operational View
	Capability View
	Standards View
	Data and Information View
	Project View
	Fourth expert judgment tool is Design techniques.
	The fifth method is Quality Models.
