What? (Return and Report)
1.	What did you do to prepare for class this week?
To Prepare for class this week, I watched YouTube tutorials on PHP to JavaScript Code conversions and a few YouTube tutorials on coding in JavaScript. I did this as my assigned duty for this Semester's Project was to convert the Legacy PHP code of the Circuit Breaker component into JavaScript following the rules of Object-Oriented Programming. I have had no coding recently in JavaScript, and I needed a refresher to confidently translate the legacy PHP code into JavaScript. (C5)
2.	What did you learn from this week’s activities?
What I learned from this week's activities was a better understanding of the importance of building a consultant team as well as the importance of Networking. (C5)
3.	What did you learn from the customer?
I did not personally talk to or communicate with the customer this week, but he provided a 90-page presentation on the changes to the Project's requirements and how they would be completed. The document he offered was also a great help in the creation of the Requirements document as the presentation listed all the requirements needed, and we were able to use that one new document to create the entirety of the Requirements document, as well as better understand how we would complete each of our assigned tasks. (C5)
4.	What did you learn from the customer’s domain knowledge?
Some things I learned from the customer's domain knowledge was a better understanding of the purpose of the Project as well as how the Requirements for each Project's Primary goals were to be completed and the technical details of the components of an Electrical Panel. (C5)
5.	What synergic activities did you participate with the customer?
Some synergic activities I participated in with the customer were communication on Microsoft Teams, re-watching the recording of the zoom meeting while looking over the provided 90-page presentation to better understand the changed scope of the Project from the first Microsoft Team’s call. I also became the Team Lead for Team two and started delegating the tasks my team was assigned and providing timelines for when things needed completion along with the time length of each Agile Sprint for our team. (C5)
6.	On a scale of 1-Zoned out, 2-Attentive, 3-Thinking, 4-Activity Participated, 5- Dominated the activities, how did you participate in class?
On a scale of 1 to 5 on how I participated in class, I was a 5 (Dominated the activities) as I was the first person to join the discussion board Career prep. In addition, I have been the only one to finish writing my reply posts up to my third reply post, and the only reason I cannot finish reply posts 4 and 5 is that I need at least two others to make their third replies before I can finish my remaining reply posts. I have also been active on the Microsoft Teams’ channel and involved in many discussions. (C5)
7.	On a scale of 1-Waste of my time, 2-Re-enforced my learning, 3-Learn something new, 4-New content that connected to previous learning, 5-Mind Blowing/Paradigm shift, what did you learn?
On a scale of 1-5, I was a 4 (New Content that connected to previous learning) on what I learned. I learned more about electrical panels, what components make them work, and that spacing is required for each component that can range depending on the factors of the making of the panel. I also learned more about the 508a Panel Specifications on what exactly those mean concerning this Project. (C5)
So What? (Reflect and Regroup)
1.	How did you affect the project?
I affected the Project by being active in the MS Teams channels, asking questions about the Project, and ensuring I responded quickly to any posts the customer made on Teams. I also communicated and coordinated with my team to ensure I used everyone's skillset to assign them tasks they were best suited to complete. (C5)
2.	How did you include the customer?
I included the customer by looking over the 90-page presentation the customer provided after the Project's scope changed to ensure I knew what he wanted with the new scope of the Project. I then met with the other team leaders and the Project Manager, who was on a Call with the customer and the other team, to ensure I was up to date on any changes the customer wanted. (C5)
3.	What is the status of your goals from previous reflections?
The status of the SMART goal from my previous reflection is that I have accomplished it. I have watched many videos on coding in PHP, JavaScript, CSS, and HTML. I also watched a refresher video on MySQL databases. Granted, this was before the scope of the Project changed, and the videos I watched lost relevance to the new scope of the Project. (C5)
4.	What value did you provide to the program/team?
The value I provided the program/team was being an active member of the MS Teams channel, asking questions, and communicating with my Team to coordinate tasks better, as well as using the benefit of the Project Manager also being in my Team to my advantage. I also read over all the new documentation the customer provided to ensure I was as up-to-speed on the Project's new scope. It will also ensure I will be as helpful as possible with the Project's future completion. (C5)
5.	What value did you provide to the product/customer?
The value I provided the product/customer was an active member of MS Teams, communicating with him through the Project Manager to ensure I understood the Project's revised scope and what was expected for my Team to accomplish from the new scope. I also made sure to read over all the documentation provided by the customer on the Project, along with reading all his posts and giving him everything he required. (C5)
•	10 pts each: Behavior: (What now? ...my ideas are starting to emerge!)
1.	What value or innovation do you plan on providing the customer, project, or program?
The value I plan on providing to the Project is through my knowledge of PHP, GitHub, and XAMPP. As we are using GitHub for the repository of the Project, my experience and knowledge in using GitHub will come in handy for the Team. (C5)
2.	How do plan on contributing to the team, besides completing your tasks?
Besides completing my tasks, I plan on contributing to my Team by helping others with any issues or problems they may have with the responsibilities I assign them. I will also watch many YouTube videos on converting PHP code into JavaScript, as that is what the majority of my Team's tasks are for the Project. Having a better understanding of that task will help immensely. (C5)
3.	What would you do differently next week?
Something I would do differently from this week to next week is to ensure I am more prepared to translate PHP code into JavaScript code, which I have never done before. It is what the rest of my Team and I will be doing for the Project this semester. I also need to familiarize myself with the other aspects of the Project, such as a better understanding of the 508A UL Specifications. (C5)
4.	Write a SMART goal for next week?
A SMART goal for next week is to ensure that I have studied and watched at least three tutorial videos on YouTube for translating PHP code into JavaScript. (C5)
•	S: I will study and watch YouTube tutorials and other tutorials on translating PHP into JavaScript to ensure I am knowledgeable about the tasks my Team has been assigned.
•	M: I will finish watching these videos and raising my understanding of translating PHP code into JavaScript by the end of week 5 of the semester. 
•	A: Seeing as I will be watching YouTube tutorials on translating PHP code into JavaScript, finishing these tutorials in 7 days is an achievable goal.
•	R: This will be a realistic goal as everything in the SMART goal is possible to achieve in a week and could quickly be done in a smaller time frame. 
•	T: This goal is Time-bound as I need to finish this Smart goal by the end of week five of the semester or by February 3rd.
